PyPi-README.rst, before:

TPTAPI
======

This package interacts with `The Powder Toy <http://powdertoy.co.uk>`__'s API.

Usage:
------

Login
~~~~~

Most actions need a session token you can obtain from Login:
``client.login(user, passwd);`` returns a boolean.

Check Login
~~~~~~~~~~~

To verify that your session is still valid you can run checkLogin:
``client.checkLogin()`` which will return a boolean.

Vote [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To cast a vote, you need to do ``client.vote(id, type)`` where type is a
negative or positive number that defines if its a upvote or downvote.
Returns a boolean.

Comment [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add a comment, you need to do ``client.comment(id, text)``. Returns a
boolean.

Add Tag [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add a tag, you need to do ``client.addTag(id, name)``. Returns a
boolean.

Delete Tag [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To remove a tag, you need to do ``client.delTag(id, name)``. Returns a
boolean.

Delete Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To remove a save, you need to do ``client.delSave(id)``. Returns a
boolean.

Unpublish Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To unpublish a save, you need to do ``client.unpublishTag(id)``. Returns
a boolean.

Publish Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To publish a save, you need to do ``client.publishSave(id)``. Returns a
boolean.

Update Profile [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To update your profile, you need to do ``client.setProfile(data)``.
Returns a boolean.

Browse [LOGIN ENHACES OUTPUT]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To browse, you need to do ``client.browse(query, count, offset)``.
Returns results.

List Tags
~~~~~~~~~

To list tags, you need to do ``client.listTags(start, count)``. Returns
array of tags.

Favourite a Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add a save to favutrites, you need to do ``client.fav(id)``. Returns
a boolean.

UnFavourite a Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To remove a save from favutrites, you need to do ``client.remFav(id)``.
Returns a boolean.

Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saves a CPS file. Data has to be OPS1-encoded save.
``client.save(name, description, data)``. Returns save id.

Update Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Updates a save with new description and content. Data has to be
OPS1-encoded save. ``client.updateSave(id, description, data)``. Returns
a boolean.

Startup Data [LOGIN ENHACES OUTPUT]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Returns Startup.json data. ``client.startup()``

Save's Comments
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Returns a save's comments. ``client.comments(id, count, offset)``

Commit message:

Fix grammar, add code block

PyPi-README.rst, after:

TPTAPI
======

This package interacts with `The Powder Toy <http://powdertoy.co.uk>`__'s API.

Usage:
------

.. code:: python

    import tptapi

    client = tptapi.Client()

Login
~~~~~

Most actions need a session token you can obtain from Login:
``client.login(user, passwd);`` returns a boolean.

Check Login
~~~~~~~~~~~

To verify that your session is still valid you can run checkLogin:
``client.checkLogin()`` which will return a boolean.

Vote [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To cast a vote, you need to do ``client.vote(id, type)`` where type is a
negative or positive number that defines if it's a upvote or downvote.
Returns a boolean.

Comment [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add a comment, you need to do ``client.comment(id, text)``. Returns a
boolean.

Add Tag [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add a tag, you need to do ``client.addTag(id, name)``. Returns a
boolean.

Delete Tag [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To remove a tag, you need to do ``client.delTag(id, name)``. Returns a
boolean.

Delete Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To remove a save, you need to do ``client.delSave(id)``. Returns a
boolean.

Unpublish Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To unpublish a save, you need to do ``client.unpublishTag(id)``. Returns
a boolean.

Publish Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To publish a save, you need to do ``client.publishSave(id)``. Returns a
boolean.

Update Profile [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To update your profile, you need to do ``client.setProfile(data)``.
Returns a boolean.

Browse [LOGIN ENHACES OUTPUT]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To browse, you need to do ``client.browse(query, count, offset)``.
Returns results.

List Tags
~~~~~~~~~

To list tags, you need to do ``client.listTags(start, count)``. Returns
array of tags.

Favourite a Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add a save to favutrites, you need to do ``client.fav(id)``. Returns
a boolean.

UnFavourite a Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To remove a save from favutrites, you need to do ``client.remFav(id)``.
Returns a boolean.

Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saves a CPS file. Data has to be OPS1-encoded save.
``client.save(name, description, data)``. Returns save id.

Update Save [LOGIN NEEDED]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Updates a save with new description and content. Data has to be
OPS1-encoded save. ``client.updateSave(id, description, data)``. Returns
a boolean.

Startup Data [LOGIN ENHACES OUTPUT]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Returns Startup.json data. ``client.startup()``

Save's Comments
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Returns a save's comments. ``client.comments(id, count, offset)``
